Hi Everyone, 


Greetings from Milan, Italy.  I have been in Europe for the last couple of weeks setting up new service partners in both London and Milan and tomorrow I fly back to Dallas.  This has been a really good trip and Acme Ltd now has a solid foothold in both Italy and the UK and I am anticipating that we will be moving pretty fast through all of Europe as the year progresses. As we are  doing in the U.S. and Australia, the goal is to establish a network of the leading mechanical service groups, and other industry service firms, and to quickly start penetrating all of these markets with our product. 


In the U.S., the team is improving with each passing day on how to onboard and support our new service partners and we are now seeing a very smooth integration occurring from when a partner signs onto the platform, to getting them fully up to speed in both selling and executing our product strategy. 


This is now translating into our revenues where we are seeing a consistent uptick in both our monthly revenues and in our average deal size.  Below are a couple of charts that really highlight the difference between this year's Q1 results and our Q1 from last year, prior to our initiating our partner program.

[INSERT CHART HERE]

As I wrote last month, this year's Q1 was on track to be our best Q1 ever for Acme and the team has done an amazing job at executing. We closed out our Q1 with $2,019,566 in new orders.  We also saw a consistent increase in monthly revenues from one month to the next.  In addition, compared to last year's 2022 Q1, we increased our 2023 Q1 sales by a very satisfying $138%.  


What is also very important to highlight is that when comparing our last year's Q1 with this year's Q1 we have increased our average deal size from $12,562 to $24,145.  This marks a 92% year over year increase and this again demonstrates the impact our partner program is now having on our overall results. Basically, we are generating more revenue, at a faster pace, with less effort, and with a smaller team. 


As I have previously written, Q1 has always been our most challenging quarter, so to be able to deliver this kind of growth, along with a consistent month over month increase in both revenues and deal size really says a lot about how far the company has come in the last 12 months.


This also starts to give a good indication of what our future growth will be looking like. I am sure our monthly revenues will not always be increasing month over month, but I do fully expect that Acme's revenues will be increasing at a relatively consistent upward direction and at an accelerating rate for the foreseeable future.  With every new month Acme is adding more service partners to its platform and every month the market reach of this platform is expanding at an increasing rate as our partners learn to both sell and execute our product-market fit strategy.  We are still at the very early stage of our market development and we have a lot of ground to cover.  Our goal is to move as fast as we can and to continue to accelerate our growth. 


I hope this has been helpful in putting into perspective on where Acme currently stands and where we are going.  If any of you have any questions or comments, please feel free to reach out to me directly anytime. 


Thanks,


Jimbo Jones